most people think that
It is because of the quality of hair by
hair quality that can be
present hair not from the skin that
it can present certain problems of
folliculitis that has something to do is
independently or definitely someone
is predisposed to this
come out good you're right in part it's a
added factor but really any
person who has an abrasion me
I explain the word prayer a trauma
on the skin is already seen with a blade or
with wax or thread any method
hair removal you use if you see it
microscopic level there is an abrasion
on the skin a trauma through that
trauma the bacteria that we have all
in our skin take advantage of the most
frequent are called Staphylococcus aureus
take advantage they get in and produce a
inflammatory process on the hair
those people for example men
also that they make themselves either the bikini or
the same beard suffers a lot from this
process that is in how and socially
also for them it is traumatic many
times and is caused precisely by
what you said the inflammation of
follicle reaches the bacterium or reaches
a fungus
and can produce those good things
this complicates us more if we return
again to the subject of the intimate zone by
the excess heat let's say it like that because
if ready he came out of his shave already
either with wax or with machine that many
people do not like the wax continue
using the machine do not suddenly have
the precautions of softening a little bit
the skin with a little warm water
et cetera do not use products
to make this area
let's say have as the temperature
adequate not to cut so
brusque the hair adds this that you
presents you with folliculitis and
heat from sweat from tight clothes
for the tight clothes already begin to
present some irritation this is
can infect like that is you have said
better than me even secondary doctor
that's what comes precisely
Folliculitis for everything you said
then take advantage of these germs and
colonize the follicle and produce the
inflammation despite that then by
example tips milestones I told you
warm chamomile water for example
it's a very interesting type to apply
in the cloths before the affected by
example there are very good products today in
the country that even allow in a
100% that irritation and that
inflammation and secondary folliculitis
appear and then also other things
that some of my patients are used
that has been very successful outside the
chamomile is the calendula commented these
natural subjects because really today by
today one tends to be everything more
natural and these products that I comment
for example the interesting thing is that they are
100% natural also yes but good
this we can apply this because
I know that many ladies who in their
houses like to have these
plants even in the former gardens or
they have a space on their balcony where
they have their own garden with these
aromatic because they like it very much
this can be done directly those
infusions are made and applied in the
affected area with these units
natural or it has to be a
special presentation is not like that
example preparing your chamomile habitat
take the water leave it there and you can put
the warm water cloths
and secondarily as for the pore
a little bit because if they read words
simple and allows then for
example if we use our products
as gels it will penetrate gently on
the pore also causes the hair to
weaken and at the time of passing the
blade as they have cell regenerator
makes the trauma less and regenerate
the skin and prevents inflammation and
secondarily good folliculitis
doctor and there is not one of the many myths
that are woven around that theme and it's
which is the type of blade they use
with the razor especially
the gentlemen because many ebro are
on this side they have a folliculitis
presents very strong on this side is not
they hold the shave they say they're going to
rehearse then with the machine
electric shaving it turns out that they buy the
electric affect machine works
very well two or three times maximum already
From there, he goes back to the
problematic that that presents them in
What will that is very true about all
gentlemen when they do their shave one
always recommends today that they are
arrangement of blades that have three
four leaves inclusive then that does
make it smoother shave first and
the recommendation when a person
Suffers from folliculitis is that it does not repeat
blade so make an investment
one in health has to talk is about
investment and remove the word at once
of spending one invests in your health yesterday
then in that order it's from ideas to
be investing in your health in your skin
and with these products for example you are
can guarantee in the case of
men that on the subject the beard and the
mustache especially the upper part that
is where many times some mushrooms
they penetrate and produce a sick woman who
call tim if it is avoided in a
really today you can guarantee
that 100 percent but then
uses for example your water cloth
warm the shave with your product is
Apply after and leave happy